docs: Authentication update (#7810)
googleapis/google-cloud-php: AUTHENTICATION.md

The recommended way to authenticate to the Google Cloud PHP library is to use
[Application Default Credentials (ADC)](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/application-default-credentials),
which discovers your credentials automatically, based on the environment where your code is running.

> To review all of your authentication options, see Credential lookup.

Reviewer: We should test it, but you can link to this:
```suggestion
To review all of your authentication options, see [Credential Lookup](#credential-lookup).
```

> To review all of your authentication options, [Credential Lookup](#credential-lookup).

Reviewer: We still need "see" here
```suggestion
To review all of your authentication options, see [Credential Lookup](#credential-lookup).
```

which discovers your credentials automatically, based on the environment where your code is running.
To review all of your authentication options, see Project and Credential lookup.

## Quickstart

> Here is a quick an opinionated quickstart guide that serves as a means to get started as quick as possible. There are different ways to authenticate
> a client that we will go over this guide, but we wanted to offer a quick way to configure the authentication. We will go over the steps of what needs to be done in
> order to authenticate a client first and then we will explain said steps in detail for a quickstart.

Reviewer: This is a bit informal for a README. I would use something like this:
```suggestion
There are different ways to authenticate a client with Google Cloud. This quickstart
illustrates how to configure the Google Cloud PHP Client Library for a local environment
using the Google Cloud CLI (`gcloud`).
```

### For local development:
* Install the Google Cloud CLI.
* Authenticate with `gcloud` to generate the credentials file.
* Instantiate a client.

### Installing the Google Cloud CLI

> In order to generate our needed credentials file we need to authenticate to gcloud first. Installation is handled differently depending on your platform.

Reviewer: nit: I know we aren't consistent with this, but let's keep line lengths to 100

Here is a link to help you setup the Google Cloud CLI:

https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install

### Authenticate via the `gcloud` command
Once the Google Cloud CLI tools are installed it is required that we authenticate via the `gcloud`:
```shell
$ gcloud init
$ gcloud auth application-default login
```

This will create a local file in your system that the authentication library for our client will read in order to make requests to the apis with those credentials.
This file is located in different place depending on your system.

Windows:
```
%APPDATA%\gcloud\application_default_credentials.json
```

Linux and MacOS:
```
$HOME/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json
```

### Instantiating the client
Once we have the `application_default_credentials.json` that we created on the previous step now we can instantiate a client which internally using the Google Auth library
will take that file and use it to authenticate your requests:
```php
use Google\Cloud\Translate\V3\Client\TranslationServiceClient;
use Google\Cloud\Translate\V3\TranslateTextRequest;

// Instantiating the client gathers the credentials from the `application_default_credentials.json`

> $client = new TranslationServiceClient();

Reviewer: I think it'd be useful to have _somewhere_ how they install this library. It can just be something like:

```
**Note**: You can install the Google Translate client library by running `composer install google/cloud-translate`.
See the [README.md][README.md] for further instructions, or browse [the complete list of packages](https://cloud.google.com/php/docs/reference/).
```

$request = new TranslateTextRequest();

> $request->setParent('<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>');

Reviewer: This isn't project ID, it's "parent", which looks like `projects/<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>` or `projects/<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>/locations/global`.

Maybe do this instead:
```suggestion
$request->setParent('projects/<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>');
```

$request->setTargetLanguageCode('en-US');

> $request->setContents('こんにちは');

Reviewer: I get an error saying this needs to be an array. This worked for me:
```suggestion
$request->setContents(['こんにちは']);
```

// The request will contain the authentication token based on the default credentials file
$response = $client->translateText($request);

> var_dump($response->getTranslations());

Reviewer: This needs to grab the first element, since it's a repeated field
```suggestion
$translations = $response->getTranslations();
var_dump($translations[0]);
```

Or we could add a loop

```suggestion
foreach($response->getTranslations() as $translation) {
    var_dump($translation);
}
```

### Google Cloud Platform environments

While running on Google Cloud Platform environments such as Google Compute Engine, Google App Engine
and Google Kubernetes Engine, no extra work is needed. The **Credentials** and are discovered
automatically from the attached service account. Code should be written as if already authenticated.

For more information, see
[Set up ADC for Google Cloud services](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/provide-credentials-adc#attached-sa).

### Environment Variables

**NOTE**: This library uses [`getenv`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.getenv.php), so if
your environemnt variables are set in PHP, they must use
[`putenv`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.putenv.php),

```php
putenv("GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=" . __DIR__ . '/your-credentials-file.json');
```
The **Credentials JSON** can be placed in environment variables instead of
declaring them directly in code.

> Here are the environment variables that Google Cloud PHP checks for project ID:

Reviewer: This section (and the two environment variables below it) should be removed, since they only apply to some Handwritten libraries, and not to GAPIC. 

Or we can keep them, but move them into its own section at the very bottom of this page labeled "Project ID Detection", where we explicitly list the _specific services_ which support it. I think this is the best option, but it will require slightly more work.

Packages which support project ID detection

 - Bigtable
 - PubSub
 - Storage
 - Spanner
 - BigQuery
 - Datastore
 - Firestore
 - Debugger
 - Logging
 - Trace
 - Translate

### Google Cloud Platform environments

While running on Google Cloud Platform environments such as Google Compute Engine, Google App Engine

> and Google Kubernetes Engine, no extra work is needed. The **Project ID** and **Credentials** and
> are discovered automatically from the attached service account. Code should be written as if already

Reviewer: Probably should get rid of Project ID here, as our GAPIC clients don't discover it, or at least they don't surface the projectID in any meaningful way.
```suggestion
and Google Kubernetes Engine, no extra work is needed. The **Credentials**
are discovered automatically from the attached service account. Code should be written as if already
```

Author: Ahhh I was hunting for these, good catch.

authenticated.

For more information, see
[Set up ADC for Google Cloud services](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/provide-credentials-adc#attached-sa).

### Environment Variables

**NOTE**: This library uses [`getenv`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.getenv.php), so if
your environemnt variables are set in PHP, they must use
[`putenv`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.putenv.php),

```php
putenv("GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=" . __DIR__ . '/your-credentials-file.json');
```

> The **Project ID** and **Credentials JSON** can be placed in environment variables instead of
> declaring them directly in code.

Reviewer: Similarly, the Project ID is not discovered via Env Var for GAPIC libraries, so we should remove this
```suggestion
The path to the **Credentials JSON** can be placed in environment variables instead of
declaring it directly in code.
```

That means we should also remove lines 45-49 below

]);
```

> However, some clients use the `keyFile` or `keyFilePath` option:

Reviewer: Only handwritten libraries have this client option. This should be removed or made more clear, or put at the very end. And it should also list the clients who support it, instead of just saying "some clients"
